Update how-to-update-handbook.md (#698)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: company/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-update-handbook.md

  ![](../../../.gitbook/assets/release-timeline-jan2020.png)
  ```

## Training video

[Watch a training video on how to update the handbook in GitHub](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1AOI8H-oe2u1JW6oOA4nPPTSbGnK3Xuq1/view?usp=sharing).

## Approved reviewers and permissions

Below is a list of approved reviewers.

1. @jasonblais: Reviews major changes to handbook.mattermost.com, such as updates to the Table of Contents (SUMMARY.md).
2. @justinegeffen, @amyblais, @cwarnermm: Editor reviews of all submitted PRs for correct grammar and consistent style.

> 3. @kevinfayle: Signs off on changes to [marketing ops and analytics](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/research-and-development/product/analytics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. @kevinfayle: Signs off on changes to [marketing ops and analytics](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/messaging-and-math/demand-generation-reporting).
```

  ![](../../../.gitbook/assets/release-timeline-jan2020.png)
  ```

## Training Video
## Training video

[Watch a training video on how to update the handbook in GitHub](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1AOI8H-oe2u1JW6oOA4nPPTSbGnK3Xuq1/view?usp=sharing).

## Approved Reviewers and Permissions
## Approved reviewers and permissions

Below is a list of approved reviewers.

1. @jasonblais: Reviews major changes to handbook.mattermost.com, such as updates to the Table of Contents (SUMMARY.md).
2. @justinegeffen, @amyblais, @cwarnermm: Editor reviews of all submitted PRs for correct grammar and consistent style.

> 3. @rbradleyhaas: Signs off on changes to [business operations](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/business-operations).

Reviewer: Can you touch base with Kevin Fayle if he'd like to be the sign-off person? He's the new Dir of Marketing Ops and Analytics, and might like to have an opportunity to review.

He only started yesterday, but I don't foresee changes in the coming weeks that he'd have to review

Author: Good idea, and he's happy to do so. I've made that change. :)

Reviewer: Sorry, I forgot the old BizOps section got removed via https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-handbook/pull/687/files

For now, let's link to https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/messaging-and-math/demand-generation-reporting instead
